the opening shot is a little confusing
and a little unreal that sense of
unreality is because nearly every shot
in this video is being played back at
the wrong speed
we filmed this section at 30 frames a
second but it's being played back at 24
80% of normal speed so it just seems a
little bit off plus we're using rapid
cuts with no continuity between them
different clothes different locations
different everything we've also got some
cutaways in extreme slow-motion because
it looks spectacular and because it lets
me do a moody stare into the distance
without having to hold it for so long
that it becomes awkward it also lets us
fit in some product placement some of
the shots aren't slow-motion though this
is being played back faster than real
time so that the dancers seem more
synchronized and precise than they
really are
I mean don't get me wrong they're good
but with the speed change their
movements look superhuman also there are
dancers because having attractive people
move in attractive ways makes the video
more appealing we couldn't afford a wind
machine for this shot so we bought a
leaf blower from a hardware store we
kept the receipt so we can return it
after we're done the trouble with
filming everything in the wrong frame
rate is that my voice won't sound right
so the vocal track for this was pre
recorded in a studio and I'm lip-syncing
it at the wrong speed if my lips don't
quite match up at some point we'll just
cut to another tape or to a completely
random slow-mo shot of an object being
destroyed and no one will care actually
this isn't the studio where we recorded
the vocal track I recorded this weeks
ago so we could plan everything but we
didn't film that session so we had to go
to this separate recording studio to
fake that footage this microphone isn't
even plugged in we're now about 2,000
the way through so here's a middle eight
from me the featured artist in an
attempt to cross-promote us our
schedules didn't match up so this was
all filmed separately
despite that we're still trying to
convince everyone that Tom and I met up
a great friends and they're definitely
in the same room this is the part where
we break up the video with a bit of
diegetic audio just so people can trip
the whole thing
this isn't actually a party it may look
like we're having a spectacular time as
that's the image we want to project but
in reality we are on our fifteenth take
everyone would quite like to go home
this final section is important though
because it resolves the question at the
start why am i falling into a swimming
pool because ending the same way we
started makes the audience think that
there's a sensible circular narrative
that ties everything together even if
there isn't you can't buy this on iTunes
or stream it on Spotify it's it's not a
song
you